thus says the Lord where is the
certificate of your mother's divorce
whom I have put away of which of my
creditors is it to whom I have sold you
for your iniquities you have sold
yourselves and for your transgressions
your mother has been put away why when I
came was there no man why when I called
was there none to answer is my hand
shortened at all that it cannot redeem
or have I no power to deliver indeed
with my rebuke I dry up the sea I make
the rivers of wilderness their fish
stink because there is no water and die
of thirst i clothe the heavens with
blackness and I make sackcloth
their covering
the Lord God has given me the tongue of
the learnand that I should know how to
speak a word in season to him who is
weary he awakens me morning by morning
he awakens my ear to hear as the learned
the Lord God has opened my ear and I was
not rebellious nor did I turn away I
gave my back to those who struck me and
my cheeks to those who plucked out the
beard I did not hide my face from shame
and spitting for the Lord God will help
me therefore I will not be disgraced
therefore I have set my face like a
flint and I know that I will not be
ashamed he is near who justifies me who
will contend with me let us stand
together who is my adversary let him
come near me surely the Lord God will
help me who is he who will condemn me
indeed they will all grow old like a
garment the moth will eat them up who
among you fears the Lord who obeys the
voice of his servant who walks in
darkness and has no light let him trust
in the name of the Lord and rely upon
his God look all you who Kindle a fire
who encircled yourselves with sparks
walk in the light of your fire and in
the sparks you have kindled this you
shall have from my hand
you shall lie down in torment
[Music]
you